Verdict: not reviewed, blocking

2 checks did not run:
  lens.security  failed: the lens did not finish
    Error: provider returned 529
  static.tsc  skipped: no tsconfig.json at the base revision

Block: 3 findings

src/run.ts

  P0  line 40  sql-injection  (introduced, new, block)
  The query interpolates the user's name
    What: The query splices the name into SQL text.
    Why here: This change passes the name straight from the request.
    What to do: Pass the name as a bound parameter.

  P1  line 12  no-eval  (introduced, new, block)
  eval runs request input
    What: The handler passes the request body to eval.
    Why here: This change routes the body into run() without parsing it.
    What to do: Parse the body with JSON.parse and validate it.

  P1  line 50  no-eval  (introduced, new, block)
  eval runs a stored template
    What: The renderer evaluates a template from the database.
    Why here: This change lets users edit that template.
    What to do: Render the template with a sandboxed engine.

Acknowledge: 1 finding

src/total.ts

  P2  line 9  missing-test  (introduced, new, acknowledge)
  No test covers the new branch
    What: The new limit branch has no test.
    Why here: This change adds the branch.
    What to do: Add a test with a total above the limit.

Advisory: 1 finding

src/run.ts

  P3  lines 30-32  unchecked-result  (affected, new, advisory)
  The write's result is ignored
    What: fs.write can write fewer bytes than asked.
    Why here: The new caller passes larger buffers than before.
    Failure scenario: run() passes a 1 MiB chunk, fs.write writes 64 KiB of it, and the file ends short.
    Evidence:
      cause: src/run.ts:12
          const chunk = Buffer.alloc(1 << 20);
      context: src/run.ts:14-15 at base
          const chunk = Buffer.alloc(1 << 10);
          fs.write(fd, chunk);
    What to do: Loop until every byte is written, or use fs.writeFile.

1 silent finding and 1 dismissed finding not shown.

5 findings in 2 files.
